[//]: # (@formatter:off)

`mvn clean verify` fails, fix it without changing the pom.xml
`./mvnw spring-boot:run ` fails, fix it


---
# Test Coverage
- The test coverage should be 100%, don't change the COVEREDRATIO in the pom.xml file.
- Write test cases to achieve 100% coverage.
- Use this command to verify the test coverage:
  mvn clean verify

---
# Native Image

- I need to compile this project to a native image.
- I want all methods work in native image. This time, let's focus on the CaptchaController.
- Don't change the code in src/main/java/cn/huava/common/controller/CaptchaController.java.
- Use this command to generate native image:
  ./mvnw -Pnative clean native:compile -DskipTests
- Use this command to kill the native image process:
  pkill -9 huava
- Use this command to run native image:
  nohup ./target/huava --server.port=34567 > huava.log 2>&1 &
- Use this command to check the url:
  curl http://localhost:34567/captcha
- If the huava.log shows some error about java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError, add that class to the jni-config.json file.
- If the huava.log shows some error about java.lang.NoSuchMethodError, add that method to the jni-config.json file.
- If the huava.log shows some error about java.lang.NoSuchFieldError, add that field to the jni-config.json file.
- Since a class's constructor is called when a class is loaded, when adding the class in the jni-config.json file, you may need to add the constructor method of the class to the jni-config.json file too.
- All the public static final fields in the class should be added to the jni-config.json file.
- Do the compile -> pkill -> run -> check -> edit -> compile loop until you get the correct result.

don't change COVEREDRATIO pom.xml, don't exclude any more classes in pom.xml

`mvn -Dtest=cn.huava.sys.controller.UserControllerTest#myself test`

---
# Tests
Write tests for src/main/java/cn/huava/HuavaApplication.java:
1. Every test method's name should start with `should_`, use underscore style, no camelcase at all.
2. Use assertj(org.assertj.core.api.Assertions) instead of junit to set assertions.
3. Cover every method, every line, every instruction, every branch.
4. Add at least one assertion to each test case, if there is nothing to assert, use `verify()`.
5. The test class should not be public.
6. The author of the new file should be Camio1945.
7. Each class need a separate test file.
8. Give priority to `@ExtendWith(MockitoExtension.class)` over `extends WithSpringBootTestAnnotation`.

The path I give you is a relative path, the full path is:
/home/camio/git/huava/src/main/java/cn/huava/sys/service/user/GetUserInfoService.java